Will you please marry me?
Charlotte, just say yes for now.
Well, that's settled then.
It's late.
Charlotte needs to get her rest.
We'll talk about all this later.
Aaron, come on.
Will you?
You'll be back?
Mom, why didn't you let me refuse?
I don't want to get married.
Honey, you have to marry her.
Why?
A long time ago, when Aidan and I were madly in love,
his family would not allow her.
Allow it, they ripped us apart,
and they forced him to marry Samantha.
The Duke's daughter, because she was a Duke's daughter.
So we lost each other.
And now, if you don't marry Aaron,
he's going to be forced to marry Caroline.
The whole thing happening all over again.
Plus, I'm back in the picture.
Samantha will stop it and nothing
to destroy you and me.
And she can do it.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't realize that.
I'm going to talk to Aidan
and make sure that this wedding gets planned
as soon as possible.